                           Test Case for ATM

Test Design is creating a set of inputs for given software that will provide a set
of expected outputs. The idea is to ensure that the system is working good enough
and it can be released with as few problems as possible for the average user.

Test Design for ATM Machine:

1.Machine is accepting ATM card.
2.Machine is rejecting expired card.
3.Successful entry of PIN number.
4.Unsuccessful operation due to wrong PIN number 3 times.
5.Successful selection of language.
6.Successful selection of account type.
7.Unsuccessful operation due to invalid account type.
8.Successful selection of amount to be withdraw.
9.Successful withdrawal.
10.Expected message due to amount is greater than day limit.
11.Unsuccessful withdraw operation due to lack of money in ATM.
12.Expected message due to amount to withdraw is greater than possible balance.
13.Unsuccessful withdraw operation due to click cancel after insert card.

Write the Test Cases for ATM:

Test Cases for ATM Machine;

1.Successful inspection of ATM card.
2.Unsuccessful operation due to insert card in wrong angle.
3.Unsuccessful operation due to invalid account. Ex:Other bank card or time
  expired Card.
4.Successful entry of PIN number.
5.Unsuccessful operation due to enter wrong PIN number 3 times.
6.Successful selection of language.
7.Successful selection of account type.
8.Unsuccessful operation due to invalid account type.
9.Successful selection of withdrawal operation.
10.Successful selection of amount to be withdrawal.
11.Successful withdrawal operation.
12.Unsuccessful withdrawal operation due to wrong denominations.
13.Unsuccessful withdrawal operation due to amount is greater than day limit.
14.Unsuccessful withdrawal operation due to lack of money in ATM.
15.Unsuccessful withdrawal operation due to amount is greater than possible 
   balance.
16.Unsuccessful withdrawal operation due to transactions is greater than day 
   limit.
17.Unsuccessful withdrawal operation due to click cancel after insert card.
18.Unsuccessful withdrawal operation due to click cancel after insert card and 
   PIN number.

